---
layout: post
title: "Weight"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2013-11-02 09:37:00 +0400
guid: http://kaa.micro.blog/2013/11/02/weight.html
---
<p>Since I got married (nearly 3 years ago) I&rsquo;ve put on around 10kg (around 1.5 stone or 22 pounds). Yeah that&rsquo;s a lot. I don&rsquo;t blame my lovely wife for this additional weight, but rather a combination of my lifestyle in the Middle East (very little required movement) and my body&rsquo;s very slow metabolism.</p>

<p>Earlier this year I decided that enough was enough and that I would do something about this situation. Apart from general health issues associated with gaining the above weight, by wardrobe is useless, which then affects my general comfort/confidence levels as well.</p>

<h3>Proof of Concept</h3>

<p>Like any self respecting geek, I turned to my trustiest device to help me out, my iPhone 4. I tried several fitness apps, but settled on the <a href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pacer-pedometer-plus-weight/id600446812?mt=8">Pacer</a> app. While not the prettiest app, it gave me basic information, the number of steps I was making and calories burned, in graph form, mapped over a week.</p>

<p>I realised that having this information drove me to be more active. I have yet to achieve 10,000 steps a day. I average anywhere between 6000-8000 steps per week, however I realised that the exercise that I was doing was not being logged properly. My gym machines indicated a much higher level of activity, that my phone wasn&rsquo;t capturing.</p>

<h3>All the Gear…</h3>

<p>I decided to get a little bit more serious about this weight loss malarky. There was one thing to it, buy more gadgets that would help me achieve my goals, <em>obviously</em>.</p>

<p>The first accessory that I bought was a pair of sweat proof earphones - I cannot tell you how many Apple earbuds I&rsquo;ve destroyed due to my excessive sweating over the years. The Sennheiser OCX 685i Sports headphones came <a href="http://thewirecutter.com/reviews/the-best-exercise-headphones/">highly recommended</a> (and they are great).</p>

<p>The next purchase was my <a href="http://www.fitbit.com/uk/one">Fitbit One</a>. The truth is I didn&rsquo;t jump into this world quickly. I used the Pacer app for a solid 2 months before making the jump into the Fitbit world. I&rsquo;m still getting to grips with the website and the app (although syncing with my current setup isn&rsquo;t as smooth as it could be <sup id="fnref:1"><a href="1" class="footnote-ref">1</a></sup> ), but I like what I see so far.</p>

<p>The last part of my gear was a new set of scales. Actually, I&rsquo;ve not owned scales in 3 years, which probably explains a great deal for the general decent into obesity. So here&rsquo;s a tip kids, make sure you own scales and get on them once a week. If anything it will highlight things that you&rsquo;re generally scared of.</p>

<p>I hope that the data that I compile will help me make better decisions in the kitchen (after all a diet starts in the kitchen) and that it will motivate me to be more active, more regularly, even if only a little more every day.</p>

<div class="footnotes">
<hr /><ol><li id="fn:1">
<p>The biggest bummer is that my trusted iPhone 4 since it does not support wireless sync with the Fitbit One. I&rsquo;m therefore relegated to using the little dongle connected to my computer - hardly the biggest hardship. <a href="1" class="footnote-backref">↩︎</a></p>
</li>

</ol></div>
