---
layout: post
title: "Process"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2014-04-17 11:57:00 +0400
guid: http://kaa.micro.blog/2014/04/17/process.html
---
<p>A few months after publishing the last episode of <em>Moon Racket</em> Season One, I&rsquo;ve now finished writing the second season. If the first season was all about seeing a project through to completion, the second season is taking the idea and adding some polish.</p>

<p>One of the things I&rsquo;ve always enjoy watching is the natural maturing process a body of work sometimes goes through while the creative minds behind the work hone their skills. Although I can only dream of reaching the lofty heights reached by a series like <em>The Simpsons</em>, an apt comparison in one regard would be how the first season looked compared to what we recognise as the characters now. There was a maturing process and this is something that I aim to achieve for Season Two, both for the writing and the art.</p>

<hr /><p>I&rsquo;ve already spoken about the proposed increase in paper size (and therefore <a href="http://brokenkode.com/post/78836757301/panel-size">Panel Size</a>) of the coming season. One thing I realised very quickly was just how important the initial scripts were. The first season had a bit of looseness in the scripts. I would often times rewrite the thing as I was drawing it - sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn&rsquo;t.</p>

<p>For this season I decided to really pour into the details of every script. I would not go on to the next one until I actually had completed the one I was working on. If I got stuck on any one strip, I would remove it from the document I was working on and paste it into a second document that acted as my &lsquo;graveyard&rsquo;. This allowed me to focus on one strip at a time. What I realised was that some ideas took days, weeks to mature or develop in my head and other ideas effectively wrote themselves. What I also realised was the last 5 episodes were extremely difficult to complete, which might have been a mental block on my side, or the fact that I had a lot going on in my life at the time.</p>
