---
layout: post
title: "2016"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2015-12-20 06:47:09 +0400
guid: http://kaa.micro.blog/2015/12/20/024709.html
---
<p>5 months. That’s a really long time between updates. The truth is that I was creating things until at least the very end of september, it just so happened that I wasn’t really in the mood to talk about them.</p>

<p>The main reason for the radio silence over the autumn and start of winter is down to the fact that I’m relocating to Dubai. That’s been a huge drain on all of my ‘free’ time and drawing and creating has been relegated to the <em>too difficult to deal with</em> drawer.</p>

<p>I have decided to take this time to reflect on what I want to do with my creative output once things have settled down a little bit more.</p>

<h2>Moon Racket!</h2>

<p>I’ve got 10-15 new strips of <a href="http://moonracket.com">Moon Racket!</a> to publish and then I’d like to stick to the routine of publishing something new to <em>Moon Racket!</em> at least once a week for the entire year of 2016.  Obviously I’ll likely fail, but I want to at least <strong>try.</strong></p>

<p>The main focus moving forward will be to improve the strip with actual backgrounds. I’m painfully aware at the general lack of backgrounds and environment that is missing (or at least that could be better defined than right now).</p>

<p>However I won’t be publishing 4 panel strips. It’s not how my brain works. Rather I’ll be writing stories that will take up several panels, maybe entire pages with these characters in them. I have the first story roughed out, so just need to get cracking.</p>

<h2>Chroma</h2>

<p>The real push in 2016 will be for me to finally draw and start publishing <em>Chroma</em>. This is a very long time coming and I feel that if I don’t do it now, I’ll likely never do it. After multiple attempts at starting this project, I’m now of the mind that it’s better to get it out there, in whatever form it comes, rather than trying to get it perfect from day one. It will never be that so I should stop worrying about it.</p>

<h2>Creative Output</h2>

<p>If I’m able to publish 1 page a month of <em>Chroma</em>  and the weekly <em>Moon Racket!</em> page, then 2016 is likely going to be a MONSTER year . I’m fully aware that this is an ambitious programme for me (considering what goes into moving to a city like Dubai), but this is work that I’ll be carrying out first thing in the morning. The intention is to carry out 1-2 hours of creative output a day, <em>every</em> day, <em>every</em> morning.</p>
