---
layout: post
title: "Giving Up"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2016-05-02 21:15:46 +0400
guid: http://kaa.micro.blog/2016/05/02/giving-up.html
---
<p>I’m not sure when it happened exactly, but somewhere along the way, I just gave up creating and giving a shit about <em>creating</em> for the internet. I gave up following comic books in a semi-religious manner. I gave up playing basketball every single week. I gave up watching movies regularly. I gave up writing to my various website.</p>

<p>My aim has always been to create a <em>small</em> library of stories that I’ve written and drawn that are available in a multitude of formats (from digital to paperbacks and hardcovers). It’s a reasonably modest aim, but with the option of becoming greater depending on scale.</p>

<p>Do I think that this library of stories will provide me with a living? Probably not, unless I have some serious success somewhere and hit on the zeitgeist in a way that I can neither predict nor anticipate. So I’ll be content to having a series of books with my name on the spine and that finally put to paper the ideas in my head.</p>

<h2>Little strokes fell great oaks</h2>

<p>I’m clear that for the time being I will not have hours and hours to my name. I can however carve 30 minutes in the morning and 30 minutes in the evening and effectively do 2 pomodoros. High burst sets of 30 minutes pieces of work. That’s 7 hours a week. That’s 364 hours a year. If I spend 10 hours per page that equates to 36.4 pages of story and art. If I manage to do a page of art a week, then I’ll be able to do around 50 pages a year. The size of a European album.</p>

<p>The numbers don’t lie. It all starts with 2 pomodoros every single day. The issue however is life getting in the way. Sometimes you’re extremely tired. Sometimes the boy doesn’t sleep. Sometimes I have a business trip or I’m not feeling up for it. This is only natural. The difficulty is finding a way to get back into the routine. Routines are hard won and easily lost.</p>

<h2>Deadlines</h2>

<p>The last piece of the puzzle. I have about 8 projects that are not really linked with each other floating at different stages of development. I need to stop the <a href="http://elitedaily.com/money/entrepreneurship/addicted-ideas-give-brain-crack-go/">braincrack</a> from spreading and destroying my flow.</p>

<p>So I’ll be dedicating 1 year to any of these projects. That gives them enough time to mature. Of course if I’m close to finishing any of the projects then I’ll continue till I finish, but if I’m completely off, then that one gets parked and I move onto the next one.</p>

<p>So as a way to keep track, 2015 was mainly <a href="http://moonracket.com">Moon Racket!</a> and will extend to the end of 2016. After 2016, I will stop work on this series (unless it’s exploded) and then move onto the next project.</p>

<p>This all begins tomorrow morning - I’ll be back regularly to discuss progress.</p>
